Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy

February 7, 2024

Frndly TV, Inc. ("Frndly TV", "we", "us", "our") is committed to protecting your privacy. We encourage you to carefully review this Privacy Policy.



This Privacy Policy applies to the frndlytv.com website and all corresponding domains, subdomains, web pages and websites associated therewith (collectively, the "Website") and our video streaming service that provides live and time-shifted television programming delivered over the Internet via applications on consumer devices including desktop computers, mobile phones, tablets and connected television devices (collectively, with the Website, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy does not alter the terms of any other agreement that you may have with us. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information as discussed in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not access the Services or provide your information to Frndly TV.



Along with this Privacy Policy, please read the Frndly TV Terms of Use at https://try.frndlytv.com/privacy-and-terms-of-use, which are hereby incorporated and made part of this Privacy Policy.



California Notice at Collection of Personal Information: We collect personal information described below for the purposes described below. To learn more about your California privacy rights, including your right to opt out of the sale of personal information, please read our “Privacy Notice for California Residents” under the “CCPA” tab of this web page.



1. Information We Collect



"Personal Information" is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. Personal information we collect may include your name, mobile phone number, email address, and payment information (such as payment card number, security code, billing address and Zip code and expiration date), and other account information. We may also collect and keep other information about your account with us, such as billing and payment history, customer service interactions, and programming options. In addition, we may take Personal Information you provide to us and aggregate it with information of other users and customers. To the extent that we can still identify you with this aggregated information, we will treat it as Personal Information.



There are a number of ways in which you may provide us with and consent to our collection of certain information, some of which may include Personal Information. However, if you choose not to provide certain information, certain features of the Services may not be available to you and some features may not function properly.



A. Information Provided by You



By way of example, you may provide information, some of which may be Personal Information, in the following circumstances:

Registration. If you choose to sign up for an account, email address is necessary to create your account ("Account").
Purchases. If you choose to sign up for a free trial or purchase a subscription to our Services ("Subscription"), first and last name, email address, payment card information and billing Zip code are necessary to continue your trial period and to purchase a Subscription to the Services.
Accessing the Services. If you are a registered subscriber and you want to use the Services, email address is necessary for us to authenticate your Subscription to the Services.
Customer Service Inquiries. First and last name and email address are necessary to provide this service, in addition to information in our system that you may need to confirm and any other Personal Information you provide in your email or phone call to us so that our representatives can assist you.
Product Feedback, Surveys, Reviews, Comments, and/or Input. As part of your input, you may be asked to provide your first and last name, address, or other Personal Information, and we may pull location and other information from your order history.
Email Message or Inquiry Forms. If you email an inquiry to us or fill out a form to receive additional information, we will use the contact information you provide to respond to your inquiry.
Inquiries via Social Media. If you contact us via social media, including without limitation, Facebook and Twitter, we will have access to your social media handle and other information you post, and we may use that information to respond to your inquiry.
Communications, Newsletters and Promotions. You will need to register on the Services if you want to access newsletters or information on special promotions.
Notifications. You may request that information be sent to you. The contact information you provide will be used to send the information to your email address or other contact point. Notifications may also be sent through the Frndly TV application.
Email a Friend. If you request that information be sent to a friend, you are responsible for obtaining the consent of your friend to our use of the friend’s email address and other contact information for this purpose. We may also send a confirmation email to you.
Engage with Interactive Advertising. You may submit data fields requested by interactive ads that are placed on the Services. We may share this information with our Ad Partners.
Register for a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion. For example, you may provide your first and last name, phone number and home address, and we may be legally obligated to disclose this information if you win.


We may also collect certain information using automated methods, and some of this information, whether alone or combined with other data, may be Personal Information. Examples of automatically collected information include:

Information about your device, device capabilities, and device operating system
Information about your browser
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
IP address
Mac address
Advertising identifiers
Mobile or Internet Carrier
Browser type and browser identifier
Referring URL
Language selection
Device type
Phone number you use to call us


Viewed Content. If you stop watching a program on a particular device, the Service provides the option for you to pick up the program where you left off when you launch the Service on a different device. To be able to do this, we must keep track of the content you have watched, when you watched the content, the point at which you stopped watching the content, make recordings of that content, and connect that information to your Account, along with identifying all devices you use in connection with your Account. The Service also permits you to pause, rewind or fast-forward content. To be able to do this, we must make recordings of the content you are watching and connect that information with your Account.



Location Information. We use various technologies to detect your general location, such as city or zip code.



B. Information We Receive from Third Parties



We may receive information about you (including Personal Information) from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website will forward to us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our pages on Facebook or Twitter or another social platform or website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information.



We may also supplement the information we collect about you through the Services with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you, to advertise to you, to analyze and report on how our Services are being used, and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Services and/or offline. In those cases, we will continue to apply this Privacy Policy to any online Personal Information received pursuant to this Privacy Policy, unless we have disclosed otherwise.



2. Personal Information Use and Sharing



We collect and use Personal Information so that we may provide you the services you request, send you marketing or promotional communications, authenticate your Account, collect payment, and send you the information and materials you request or otherwise contact you as you request. We will also use your information to provide you information regarding the Services. We may use your Personal Information for surveys, loyalty programs, giveaways, contests, sweepstakes, and other promotional events that we offer to our customers. We may also use your Personal Information to help us to understand, analyze and measure how users use the Services; manage the Services’ operations; deliver contextual and targeting advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; help diagnose problems; recognize repeat visitors; facilitate your access to and use of the Services; for market research; and format content for your device type and browser. We may collect and use Personal Information for market research; to invite you to join focus groups; to participate in surveys; and to participate in studies. We may also disclose Personal Information to third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.



When your Personal Information is collected on the Services, it may be shared with selected third parties who assist us with our business operations, with the provision of the Services, with our marketing or advertising campaigns, or in delivering you the features and functionality that you have requested ("Third Party Processors"). These Third Party Processors include companies that send text messages or emails to authorize you to use the Services, process payment card information, and deliver materials to you via e-mail, for example. Third Party Processors are authorized to use the Personal Information that we provide to them to carry out the service they are providing for us, to manage, maintain, or improve their services, to combat fraud, or as required by law. We require the Third Party Processors by contract to have reasonable measures in place to secure your Personal Information and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes. All such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the Personal Information confidential. Certain third party processors have additional rights to use Personal Information:

Yupp TV, which uses distributed servers to distribute the Services to your location, provides third party data matching services and data elements on individuals to us, and manages all account and user settings. Yupp TV may additionally use your Personal Information as set forth in its documentation, located at https://www.yupptv.com/help/privacy-terms. If you do not want Yupp TV to use your Personal Information in that way, please do not use the Services.
Braintree, which processes transactions, including payment transactions, for us. Braintree may additionally use your Personal Information as set forth in its privacy policy located at https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy. If you do not want Braintree to use your Personal Information in that way, please do not use the Services.
Sendgrid, which we use to send emails to you and manage our email communications. Sendgrid may additionally use your Personal Information as set forth in its privacy policy, located at https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/. If you do not want Sendgrid to use your Personal Information in that way, please do not use the Services.

We may use your location to provide advertisements, offers and notices that are relevant to your geographic location and conduct analytics to improve the Services. We may also use location information to confirm that you are in the geographic area where we are permitted to provide the Services. Location information may be combined with other data and may be shared with third parties as described in this section 2.



As part of the Services, we will prepare and maintain information collected from the Services that is aggregated or otherwise altered so that it does not directly identify you and cannot reasonably be linked to you. We and our licensees, vendors, service providers, third party processors, and agents use and share such information for business purposes.



We or our Third Party Processors may disclose your Personal Information without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe the rights, property or an individual’s safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our Terms of Use at www.frndlytv.com/legal/termsofuse or any of our other legal rights; or (iv) where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include a lawful access request by US or foreign courts, governments or law enforcement agencies).



If we buy, merge, reorganize or sell any business or business assets, Personal Information and non-personal information will likely be disclosed or transferred as part of the transaction. If, in connection with a purchase, sale, merger or reorganization your Personal Information will be processed in a materially different way, our practice is to notify users who have provided us with an e-mail address via e-mail.



If we offer a joint promotion, sweepstakes or contest with one or more partners, we may provide your Personal Information to the partners. Any use or sharing of your Personal Information by a partner will be subject to the partner’s privacy policy.



We may also share information with our advertisers and our advertising service providers about when, where, and how (e.g., streaming device, mobile device, or computer) an advertisement was viewed. We may also tell them certain pieces of demographic information about your household. We will not tell the advertiser which individuals or households watched the advertisement. Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, tags, and other  technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. In addition, we may use information about you for marketing or advertising purposes in the following ways:



To provide you with more relevant TV advertising. We may use information we have collected or received from or about you through your use of the Services or from third parties to show you advertisements that match your interests. We use information such as service packages purchased, pay-per-view or video-on-demand purchases, and program viewing data. We may also use demographic and interest information (such as gender, family size, and hobbies) you provide or that we obtain from other companies. You may be able to opt out of this internet-based advertising, as described below in the “Advertising” section below.


To provide you with advertising for our Services. We may use information we have collected or received from or about you through use of the Services or from third parties to provide you with marketing information, offers and advertisements for our Services or to exclude you from receiving certain marketing information, offers or advertisements. Our activities with respect to such marketing information, offers and advertisements may occur through our Services or third-party websites and platforms.


To provide you with more relevant online advertising.  We and our advertising partners may also use information obtained about you through your use of our Services or from third-parties, or gathered through cookies and similar technologies, to deliver more relevant online advertising to you across other computers, devices, websites, and online services that you may use (“interest-based advertising”). Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, tags, and other technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. You may be able to opt out of this internet-based advertising, as described below in the “Advertising” section below.


To provide others with more relevant advertising. We and our advertising partners may also use information collected from or about you by us or our advertising partners and information we obtain about you from third parties to deliver advertising that is targeted for individuals with similar interests. We may combine aggregated and/or de-identified information to create groups based on actual or assumed shared interests and/or factual characteristics. We also combine information about the programming that our customers watch on the Services with their common interests to help us figure out what advertising may be most relevant.
 

3. Other Information



A. Our Use of Other Information



We and third parties acting on our behalf use data collection technologies to help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior. These data collection technologies include:



i. Cookies



"Cookies" are small pieces of information that downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or other Service and are stored by your browser. Cookies are then sent back to the originating Service on each subsequent visit to that Service or to another website or service that recognizes those cookies. Some cookies on our Services collect IP and Mac addresses, which may be considered Personal Information in some jurisdictions. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. Our cookies enable us to facilitate access to different aspects of our Services. For example, by showing when and how you and others visit our Services, cookies help us to see which pages of the Services are popular and which are not. Cookies can also help us to improve your enjoyment of the Services, for example, by remembering your session ID and other Personal Information used to identify you as an authorized subscriber to the Services. We may use cookies to personalize advertisements for our Services on other web properties. We may use session cookies during the time of your visit on the Services that may be deleted when you exit, depending on your browser, and we may also use more permanent cookies so we can recognize you if you return to the Services. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org



ii. Web Beacons and Pixel Tags



We may also use web beacons and pixel tags (also known as web bugs and clear GIFs). Web beacons (also called single pixel gifs, clear GIFs, or web bugs) are Internet tools, such as transparent images on the Services or in emails that we may send you, that help us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed or an email opened. For example, when you ask us to send you information, we may use web beacons to determine how many of the emails we sent were actually opened. A pixel tag is a type of web beacon embedded in an image on the Services. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including a banner ad, may contain a pixel tag. We may use web beacons and pixel tags to help us optimize and tailor the Services for you and other future visitors to the website. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies sent by the third party.



iii. Local Storage and Local Shared Objects



We may use local shared objects (LSOs) such as Flash Cookies and local storage, such as HTML5 Local Storage, to enhance user experience. Local storage is similar to browser cookies but can store data more complex than simple text. By itself, local storage cannot do anything to or with the data stored on your device. Like cookies, local storage can only access Personal Information that you have provided on the Services. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Services or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity may also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please  click here .



Information that we collect via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you and may be Personal Information. We may use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to provide, manage and administer the Services, understand user behavior, target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, send follow-up emails and advertising after visits to the Website, help diagnose problems, recognize repeat visitors, track and analyze usage behavior, facilitate your access to and use of the Services, or optimize the performance of the Services.



Your browser, such as Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Safari, may allow you to manage your cookies and local storage. Because each browser is a little different, we encourage you to check your browsers’ "Help" feature to learn how to block cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the Services and some parts of the Services may not function properly.



"Do Not Track" is a standard that is currently under development. Because it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards in this Privacy Policy, and we do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests. That said, some of our features may have the ability to monitor or follow Do Not Track browser requests.



B. Use of Other Information by Third Party Processors



Our Third Party Processors may use the data collection technologies described in Section 3(A) in the same ways that we use those technologies. Third Party Processors are authorized to use the data collection technologies only to carry out the service they are providing for us, to manage and improve their services, and as required by law.



C. Use of Other Information by Third Parties for Analytics



We contract with third parties, including Google Analytics, that use data collection technologies to track, analyze and report data about the use of the Services and to analyze and optimize the performance of the Services. Information about Google Analytics is available at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .



D. Digital Fingerprinting and Cross-Device Linking



Our service providers may use certain technological measures and third party databases and services to engage in digital fingerprinting and cross-device linking. These technologies may passively collect information about your device to develop a digital identifier for your device, which is then stored on your device to identify the device in various online transactions. This information is combined with other information regarding your use of the Services and third party databases and may be combined with information from your Account, including Personal Information. The device data that is collected by our service providers may be maintained to create a history and reputation of a particular device to help reduce online fraud and recognize your device in connection with the Services and advertising



4. Third Party Tracking



Third parties, other than our third party processors and vendors, do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting our Services. That said, we cannot control third party tracking and there may be some third party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.



5. Advertising



We may use a variety of third party ad networks and third party ad servers ("Ad Partners") to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These Ad Partners may place their cookies, web beacons or other technology on the Services or in your browser to (among other purposes) collect data about you when you visit the Services, where you go, what you do after you leave the Services and to link your devices to enable the Ad Partners to deliver more relevant advertisements for our products to you on third party websites. The use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies by the Ad Partners is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. We encourage you to view the privacy policies of the Ad Partners to learn more about their cookies and other technologies.



For more information about the Ad Partners’ technologies and how they use the information collected by the technologies on the Services and your options not to accept cookies placed by some Ad Partners on the Services, visit the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/  to change your consumer preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain further information about third party ad networks. This opt-out is device- or browser-specific and may not work on all devices. If you choose to opt-out through the mechanism in this section, you still may see advertisements but the advertisements from NAI participants will not be based on your interests.



To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to opt out of collection and use of information about your online activities for interest-based advertising by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies, please visit  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. To opt out of targeted advertising through mobile applications, please visit https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.



Even if you opt out pursuant to any of the foregoing opt out options, you will still receive advertising from us and third parties. You may also still receive advertising from us or third parties that is customized based on information we’ve collected or received from or about you or on information about your online activities from third parties that are not DAA or NAI participating companies. You may also still receive advertising from us or third parties on connected devices unless you opt out as described in the section below.



Certain connected devices from third party vendors (including connected TVs, gaming consoles, or other streaming devices) may also display interest-based advertising to you. You may opt out by setting your interest-based advertising preferences while using the device. These settings vary by device and may include device settings to limit interest-based advertising or similar settings accessible within the Services. Please note that even if you opt out, you will still receive advertising from us and third parties, and your opt out preferences will only apply to the specific device.



You may adjust your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be automatically recognized upon revisiting and may not be able to use certain features of the Services or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences. 



In addition to the opt out options above in this section, you may contact us directly to stop using cookies and other tracking practices on the Services that help us deliver more relevant advertising to you. To make this choice please contact us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com or email us at help@frndlytv.com.



6. Other Opt Outs; Changes in Personal Information



If you choose to opt-out of marketing email communications, such as newsletters, special offers, promotions, and special event invitations, you may do so at any time and without penalty by clicking on the link provided in the email to unsubscribe, contacting us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com or emailing us at help@frndlytv.com . You may not unsubscribe to communications regarding your Account, your Subscription or the Services. Unsubscribing to marketing communications from Frndly TV will remove you from the Frndly TV marketing email list, but we will still need to communicate with you about your Account, your Subscription, the Services or other request.



If you want to stop receiving text messages from Frndly TV, text "STOP" to "FRNDLYTV."



If you wish to update, correct or otherwise have access to your Personal Information in our records, please contact us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com, email us at help@frndlytv.com , or, if you have registered for an Account, log into your Account. We will not be responsible for modifying or removing Personal Information from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your Personal Information prior to processing your request. Please note that any Personal Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request.



We may request certain Personal Information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his or her Personal Information records.



You can also opt-out of future information collection from the Services by cancelling your Subscription. After you cancel your Subscription, Frndly TV retains certain parts of your information, including name, email address, phone number, and your payment card number to facilitate restarting your Service. If you want to delete your Account, you may contact us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com or email us at help@frndlytv.com , but without an Account, you will not be able to use the Services.



7. Links from the Services



The Services may contain links to third party websites or services that are not controlled by us. In some cases, you may navigate to pages of other websites that are framed with elements of the Services such as in the header or footer. In that case, the URL will identify the site you are visiting. These links are made available to you as a convenience, and you agree to use these links at your own risk. These other sites and services are not bound by our Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third party websites or services. If you disclose your information to others in connection with your use of our Services, you are subject to the privacy policies that they apply. The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. If you would like information on any other party’s privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so.



Some of the Services use third party operating systems, platforms, communication services, devices, and software elements (such as mobile device operating systems, wireless services, mobile phone and tablet devices), and some of the Services are provided by third party distributors, device makers, device operators, platform operators, and communication services. We do not control these third party entities, products and services, and they may collect, use, process, transmit and disclose your information. For example, these third party entities, products and services may gather information from the Services in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in the Services. As we do not control these third-parties’ data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of service and license agreements (if any).



8. Audience Measurement Providers



Some of the Services contain Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV ratings.



9. Platforms and Devices



The Services operate on platforms and devices not controlled by us. Those platforms and devices may use, collect and disclose information, including your Personal Information, subject to their own privacy policies.



10. Security



We have put in place procedures intended to protect your data. Please understand, despite these efforts, we cannot guarantee the security of your information given the current state of the Internet. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee protection of all electronic information from interception, misappropriation, misuse or alteration. We cannot guarantee that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or the unauthorized acts of third parties.



11. Children



Our Services are not intended for children, and we will not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.



We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information of a child under 13 without verifiable consent, then we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases. If you become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child without parental consent, please email us at help@frndlytv.com promptly.



If you are a California resident under age 18 and are a registered user of any of the Services, then you may request that we remove any submissions that you publicly posted on or in the Services. To request removal of a submission, please Contact Us and send a detailed description of the specific submission. We reserve the right to request that you provide information that will enable us to confirm that the submission that you want removed was created and posted by you. We will make a good faith effort to delete or remove your submission from public view as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note, however, that your request that we delete your submission does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your submission. Your submission may remain on backup media, cached or otherwise retained by us for administrative or legal purposes or your submission may remain publicly available if you or someone else has forwarded or re-posted your submission on another website or service prior to its deletion. We may be required by law to not remove or allow removal of your submission.



12. Notice to Non-United States Users



Frndly TV, Inc. is a Delaware corporation and the products and services available on the Services are provided by or on behalf of Frndly TV based in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that the Personal Information that you provide will be transferred to and maintained inside and outside the United States, and these jurisdictions’ data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those of the country where you reside or are a citizen. If you do not consent to this transfer, do not accept this Privacy Policy or otherwise use the Services. By using our Services and providing us with your information, you are consenting to the transfer and processing of such information in the United States and other countries.



13. Your California Privacy Rights



The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), gives California consumers the right to know what categories of personal information are collected about them, and how it will be used, disclosed, and sold or shared. Please review our “Privacy Notice for California Residents” under the “CCPA” tab of this web page for a description of our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, correction, deletion, and sale or sharing of personal information.



14. Local Laws



Your local laws (such as those in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah) may permit you to exercise certain rights with respect to the information we collect from and about you. Please note that your rights vary depending upon your location, and that we may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity and verify your request before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you or to comply with a legal obligation. In some circumstances, if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.



Depending on your location, local law may allow you to make certain requests related to your personal information, including that we:

Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Correct certain information we have about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.


Applicable law may provide you with the right not to be discriminated for exercising your rights.

If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com or email us at help@frndlytv.com.



Local laws (such as those in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah, and Virginia) may permit you to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information or to opt out of the sharing or processing of your personal information for targeted advertising to you. Certain applicable laws broadly define sale to include allowing third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior in order to enable us to market our Services to you on other websites or apps or to serve you targeted advertisements on the services.



If you would like to opt out of our sale or sharing or processing of personal information for such purposes, you may do so by contacting us at helpcenter.frndlytv.com or email us at help@frndlytv.com.



15. Changes to This Policy



We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Material changes will be posted on the Website or the Services. If you have registered with the Service, we may also provide you with email notification of such material changes. Your continued use of our Services following any changes constitutes your acceptance of the changes.



16. Contact Information



Frndly TV, Inc.

1777 S Harrison St

Suite 405

Denver, CO 80210

Support@frndlytv.com

‍